- 1-20 6 part campaign 
	- *Zombie Feast* 1-3
		- The characters accept a mission from a [[Blood Lords|Blood Lord]] named [[Berline Haldoli]]. [[Berline Haldoli|Berline]]’s chief interest is the growing of crops on zombie-worked farms around [[Graydirge|Graydirge]]. Investigating some recent disruptions, the characters discover that a gang called the Three-Fingered Hand is trying to slip subtle poisons into [[Graydirge|Graydirge]]’s food supplies. Once the characters defeat Kepgeda the Hag-Nailed, the changeling necromancer leading the gang, they learn that the Three-Fingered Hand works for a coven of hags called the Graveclaw.
	- *Graveclaw* 4-7
		- This adventure puts the characters on the hunt for the hag coven called the Graveclaw, whose members are scattered across the nation. The characters must vanquish an annis hag named Iron Taviah in the Axan Wood, a sea hag in a flooded coastal town, a rust hag in a depopulated city of metalworkers, and a grave hag at a necromantic school near the metropolis of Yled. They learn the greater plot isn’t just to poison the living, but to raise the slain more easily as undead.
	- *Field of Maidens* 8-10
		- The characters learn that Iron Taviah has risen as a vampire and is fleeing south across Geb. The disfavored spymaster Seldeg Bhedlis thinks she might be traveling to meet up with a superior in the plot to poison Geb’s neighbors, so he commissions the characters to track her down. Iron Taviah enters the Field of Maidens to reach Kemnebi’s former manor, Gristlehall, but the characters end up between two competing factions from Holomog. The characters discover that Kemnebi is behind the poisoning plot, but they lack proof.
	- *The Ghoul's Hunger* 11-14
		- The characters need to find out more about Kemnebi’s plans, and that means going to the capital city of Mechitar. An audience with Geb takes a surprising turn when he appoints them as the newest [[Blood Lords]] and assigns them to escort a powerful visitor from the Darklands, Kortash Khain. The characters must fend off the intrigues of rival [[Blood Lords]], fulfill Kortash’s goals during his visit, and subtly pursue their investigations into Kemnebi.
	- *A Taste of Ashes* 15-17
		- The characters venture to the temple to Urgathoa in Yled, as this place seems to be the source of the magical shadow ash. The characters uncover a smuggling ring within the church and find a shae ally who can point them to proof of Kemnebi’s involvement—if they can survive a high-class play in one of Yled’s strangest playhouses. In the hidden tunnels and chambers beneath the city, the characters discover the source of the shadow ash, but they must confront ageless guardians instrumental to Yled’s defenses.
	- *Ghost King's Rage* 18-20
		- With proof that Kemnebi is behind the crop poisoning and the attack on Geb’s trading partners, the characters meet with the ghost king himself. He wants Kemnebi characters to deliver the killing blow. The characters marshal the support of the Great Factions from whom they’ve earned favor in the Adventure Path thus far and penetrate Kemnebi’s hidden sanctum. If they can defeat the vampire, the characters can earn Geb’s favor and secure their positions as the new leaders among the [[Blood Lords]].